hi guys we're so excited that daily
mixers reached over eighty thousand
subscribers so we have asked you for
some of your favorite bit and we've
chopped some of ours into I hope you
enjoy okay I'm ready I was okay about
this but now I've sat down and I've got
everything in front of me I can't
remember what does what that's annoying
I also point out that this bottom bitch
is absolute backwards then again all of
minor buckles I'm also a bit concerned
about just holding someone's finger I
don't know the way right wait I've never
done it before what's the right way
you've helped Tanya's finger I've never
heard I think I've had a hat and lots of
times I've ever sort of held one finger
individually except Jim hold in your
hand just the little things my failure
is a man I can't believe this my final
attempt that is amazing it's not done
very well know what you have my respect
that you redo
right there ready for next make up for
her wedding last year which was really
good fun wasn't it really did fun really
good fun yeah amazing we got through it
really the gin helped Samantha let's
open these eyes up here curl the lashes
a little bit Samantha I can tell him you
are what's gone thank you very much
register oh wow are you look gorgeous
amazing it's still a beautiful hair
table I NP i think that cheek products
are really worth investing in for a
mature skin because they really bring
light to the face more so i think than
any other product I think it's really
important eyeshadow me tonight I think I
would like a Jew pop this is me me me
rich no is it goodness Rick whisper oh
good willow whisper ah see are you ready
no you ready come on oh here we go oh my
god let's turn your a moment oh my word
step oh my goodness me let's give you a
little school oh wow ah beautiful ah
what do you think are visibly nothing
everyone welcome to The Daily Nixon say
i'm here with roof from a model
recommends hello me hello comparable
you're locked in here it's like a tiny
pot filled with like I think you might
get anyone oh please the whole thing is
being serious I know first thing we're
going to do is just put a tiny bit of
color through roost brag now Ruth has
the perfect brown because it's full it's
not overly arched and it just needs a
tiny bit of filling in and looks great
on the inner really inner part of the
eyes well so and obviously you've got on
looks amazing get the highlighter not
long lancer yeah wow you look incredible
I can't believe it you're the new
glamorous Victoria I might be I can put
into words I just for amazing actually
you're very confident you haven't felt
that for a while so that was a cry for
really good what about the bag oh I like
I love it that stuff's on the bottom
yeah oh I love really nice that's like a
little surprise okay okay cause it was a
game we like to such amazing legs and
turn on open your eyes Hey look so you
like a proper pop star
what do you think yeah like probably got
to do you like it yeah oh my god my eyes
I like to Carl eyelashes just to make
them all kind of be facing one direction
you not only yeah or just said one
direction that made me think of one
direction it may be invited okay so I've
just finished giving Kimberly's Victoria
Beckham makeover I can't wait to show
you what she looks like in the mirror
now turn around and have a look oh my
god that's amazing what do you think
that's really good scarily look like no
don't you well thank you yeah oh my god
a cup believe how how well you've got
how did the eyes are just incredible so
Rose has her eyes closed now so that she
can't see in the mirror because I wanted
to be a big surprise on a show her what
she looks like so do you want to open
your eyes now hey don't see oh my god oh
my god I do kind of like you do so much
like I don't you know I think it they
look so gorgeous I mean they like a lot
more like making food
please the not I go that well because I
will die good keep the national song
talking be worth it soon and then drea
TG blower away with your new abs and
your legs and your sweaty face a nice
pocket square pocket square is a very
very amount age especially here at soft
moan every outfit that we build will
accessorize a jack in for poppy square I
took the smart hi your class way I see
oh hello dapper take you out right what
do you think is amazing dude Thanks oh
oh have a seat down oh my god what you
think it looks okay Oh cute he's a good
wash yeah